Update index.md Marketo V2 can't have multiple instances (#5105)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/marketo-v2/index.md

   ![A screenshot of the Marketo Custom Activities field.](images/cg6YhDEPWXv+.png)

6. When enabling Marketo V2, because of the way Marketo's API works, there is potential to create duplicate leads, especially when the first enabling the destination. For ways to prevent this, check out the Preventing Duplicate Leads.

> ## Segment Sources Cannot Have Multiple Instances of Marketo V2 Destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Send a single source's data to multiple Marketo V2 workspaces
```

> Multiple instances of Marketo V2 are not allowed for any source in Segment, in either Device-Mode or Cloud-Mode. If you need a single source's data sent to multiple Marketo V2 workspaces, then follow the steps listed below on configuring a [Repeater destination]([url](https://segment.com/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/repeater/)) to route your source's data through the Repeater destination into a new source and new Marketo V2 destination instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment doesn't support multiple instances of Marketo V2 for any source in Segment (for both Device-Mode and Cloud-Mode). If you need a single source's data sent to multiple Marketo V2 workspaces, follow the steps listed below on configuring a [Repeater destination](/docs/connections/destinations/catalog/repeater/) to route your source's data through the Repeater destination into a new source and new Marketo V2 destination instance.
```

> **Steps to Create a Repeater Destination, New Source, and second Marketo V2 destination**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a Repeater destination, new source, and second Marketo V2 destination:
```

> 1. Create and Connect a new Repeater destination to your source : [link to Repeater destination in catalog]([url](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/destinations/catalog/repeater)) and select the intended source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create and connect a new [Repeater destination](https://app.segment.com/goto-my-workspace/destinations/catalog/repeater) to your source and select the intended source.
```

> 2. Click Add destination, name the destination, and select Fill in settings manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Add destination**, name the destination, and select Fill in settings manually.
```

> 3. On the Repeater destination's Settings page, under Connection Settings is a setting called Write Keys. This is where your second source's writeKey will go, from Step 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - From the Repeater destination's **Settings** page, you'll find **Write Keys** in the **Connection Settings**. This is where your second source's Write Key from step 4 will go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From the Repeater destination's **Settings** page, you'll find **Write Keys** in the **Connection Settings**. This is where your second source's write key from step 4 will go.
```

> 5. Navigate back to your Repeater destination and paste in the source's `writeKey` into the Write Key setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Navigate back to your Repeater destination and paste in the source's `writeKey` into the write key setting.
```

> 4. Create a new source (any type of source). Once created, navigate to its Settings tab / API Keys / and copy the value under Write Key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a new source, then navigate to **Settings > API Keys** and copy the **Write Key** value.
- From the Repeater destination's **Settings** page, you'll find **Write Keys** in the **Connection Settings**. This is where your second source's Write Key from step 4 will go.
```

> 5. Navigate back to your Repeater destination and paste in the source's writeKey into that Write Key setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Navigate back to your Repeater destination and paste in the source's `writeKey` into the Write Key setting.
```

6. Add a Marketo V2 destination to your new source with the desired configuration settings.

> 7. Enable all three : Repeater Destination, new Source, new Marketo V2 Destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Enable the Repeater destination, new source, new Marketo V2 destination.
```

> 8. You will begin seeing data transmitted from your originating source → to the Repeater Destination (Event Delivery) → to the new source (Debugger) → to Marketo V2 destination (Event Delivery)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. You'll begin seeing data transmitted from your originating source to the Repeater Destination (Event Delivery), then to the new source (Debugger), and finally to the Marketo V2 destination (Event Delivery).
```
